Q1
Querying the database 5 times a second is unnecessary load and the queries will go irrelevant as partial transcripts are mostly incomplete or incorrect. Like a customer may start with "I need to cancel" which might seem as cancelling subscription but later on they finish the sentence with "my technical appointment", changing the intent of whole sentence. We can however increase the delay to 750-1000ms or search for pause in between user's speech which would be an indication to forward the transcript for query. This approach does improve accuracy at the cost of latency which the former approach has lead in. Since customers won't like inaccurate answers nor would like to wait long, a hybrid approach can balance out both of those issues. 

Q2
Storing all solutions with a higher CSAT can lead to long-term problems later down the line if not controlled. One scenario I can think of is a customer asked for a monetory credit which somehow gets passed through AI and then customer rates it satisfactory, later on the AI will start giving credits as a solution to many other customers which leads to unnecessary losses. Higher ratings should go through some filter(be it AI or human) to decide if it should be added to the database. Other problem could be that similar issues but with different name like "service disruption", "lagging" might have same solutions but saved under seperate identities, which will increase lookup time for the AI as it receives higher csat. This can be solved by clustering similar issues like "Network Problems", "Account Related Problems" etc.

Q3
A good sentiment analysis for the AI is the key here, once realised the sentiment is negative by noticing repeated complaints, cancellation requests etc it would be escalated to a human agent immediately. Before that, AI should acknowledge the customer's frustration and can assure them help is coming. something like "I am sorry that you are going through this, I am escalating this to a specialist immediately so your issue can be resolved at it's earliest". The AI also looks up past ticket history and messages to forward it to a human agent  with information like service status or outages in area. This structure allows the human agent to quickly grasp the situation and focus on resolution instead of asking the basic diagnostic steps which may lead to further frustration and even losing a customer.

Q4
I believe changing the 200 ms STT check would really be a good change both qualitative and quantitative. I do not believe it should be this low for an Internet Service Provider(i believe that is the whole case study about) as there is no sense of urgency. As a consumer myself, I strongly believe that resolutions should be on point and related to what issue I am facing rather than a false positive which gives me a totally unrelated solution. If there is an urgency such that customer is so frustrated, they will resort to cancelling the said subscription which automatically escalates to a human agent, otherwise taking some time to retrieve and give helpful solutions should be the primary goal for customer satisfaction and retention.
